Initial_audit_changes (#1436)
postgresml/postgresml: pgml-cms/docs/api/sql-extension/pgml.transform/text-generation.md

### Model from hub

> To use a specific model from the HuggingFace model hub, pass the model name along with task name in task.

Reviewer: Hugging Face seems to have standardized on two words in their logo.
```suggestion
To use a specific model from the Hugging Face model hub, pass the model name along with task name in task.
```
